Hello Mr. Brooks,

You asked us to write about suggestions regarding how to improve the Period 9 atmosphere. Up to the task, I decided to audit Period 10 because according to you, they were much livelier and more participatory. And you were right. They were indeed livelier and more participatory than Period 9. Throughout my auditing of the period, I jotted down some observations that I believed helped Period 10 be as great as they are today.

My raw notes are as follows:

***
Notes (auditing AI_pd10 4/4/2019):

Period 10 has about the same number of students
	10/16 people read the Turing Test essay

Key participants/speakers seem to be in the center of the classroom (e.g. Bill, Jonathan, Jessie)
	Help facilitate discussions immensely; possibly encourages more discussion
	Student seating is slightly more centralized
	Strong participants are seated towards the front

People are less focused on their own devices than Period 9, resulting in greater participation

Judging from the students in this classroom, their work-ethics are strong (unlike some people in Period 9)	
***

With these in mind, let us get to the analysis aspect of this assignment.

Firstly, a significantly larger amount read the Turing Test essay in Period 10 than in Period 9. I admit I was one of those who did not read the essay on time (but I do have my reasons, however; it was a busy week for me). I believe that this partially stems from students in Period 10 having a stronger work-ethic than in Period 9. On a fundamental level, this is each and every person's job to fix this; you cannot make anyone do anything. What you can do is encourage students to do the work in a timely manner whether through assignments like extra-credit, enforced deadlines, or the opportunity for fun activities.

Secondly, I noticed that in Period 10, all the students are more centrally located. The meaning of this is that in Period 9, the students are more dispersed than in Period 10. I believe this contributes to a lack of engagement because since the participatory students in Period 9 are seated farther, they feel less encouraged to speak and are therefore less involved with the class. If you have strong participants seated towards the center of the classroom, and you pulled in those at the extremities of the classroom towards the center, then those normally participatory will feel as if the stage is theirs, and the others will feel more encouraged to do so. Pulling everyone closer together will most likely create a tighter-knit classroom environment.

Thirdly, people are on their personal devices during Period 9, moreso than Period 10. This causes people to be inattentive and even unaware of discussions occuring around them. Restricting the usage of such devices will thereby increase student participation.